Mr. Gu
The backs of him and Doudou's brother are exactly the same
You have the exact same voice
That's impossible.
Unless Doudou's brother and he are twins
Or two people, just you.
Mr. Gu, I am Jiang Caicai
I want to report to you.
Planning after I took over the clothing department
I know you are Director Jiang
How do you know we haven't met?
I have seen the surveillance
So I know what you look like.
And I've read your resume
Is that so?
Mr. Gu, please paste my photo on the computer.
The wind blows
The wind blows, yes
The wind blew the photo away
Then it was blown to the computer
Mr. Gu, can you turn around?
I'm going to report to you, no need
I have complete confidence in Director Jiang's ability
Why do I think Gu Zhentingqi is weird?
All right.
Thank you for your trust, Mr. Gu. Then I'll go first.
OK
Ah!
Ancestor Jiang, let's go
There is a problem with Jiang Xue's news.
You are
Beanie Daddy